II exported to the game less than 40 for
the gamers training is to do here I'm
gonna teach you what to do when you see
an opponent running the same plane how
to prepare for the next time you see him
this tutorial will play off what you
just seen in the tutorial about running
up the score I want to talk to you about
what to do when you face an opponent
that is running the same play over and
over and you can't stop it first there
are two schools of thought on the
subject one side thinks if it's working
why should they stop it it's up to you
to stop it and force them to use other
plays the other things this is a simple
minded approach to playing football
regardless of your stance here realize
that there's something to learn for in
something we could take from this
scenario now in the last tutorial we
spoke about using the highlights at the
end of the game to scout what an
opponent was doing effectively against
you the same thing can be done here jump
in there and see what all was happening
during the play and see if there's
something you could take from it after
you've done that attempt to find that
same play in that same formation in one
of the playbooks and hit practice mode
remember that tutorial I spoke about
using practice mode and the fact that
the ball simply resets to practice
against a particular concept in this
example we're going to jump into
practice mode and just go through
defenses until we find one that we think
looks good plug in your other controller
and when you think the defense is set
press a on the other controller to test
the outcome this process can be repeated
until you find something you're happy
with you can go at your own pace and you
can change play books and back out of
and enter practice mode as many times as
you wish once you do find something that
works remember that you can pause the
game at any time and set this newfound
play as an audible that way if you run
into the same guy in that same play you
could set this audible in be prepared
also remember that blaming the other guy
for the laws may make you feel better in
the short term but in the long term you
need to overcome this in order to get
better at Madden besides he's running
the same play against you because it's
working anyway you can find more
information about audibles in the
defensive audible section here on the
GTI